Yves: Lip, Ves~
Kim Lip: We’re LipVes!
(Beauty & Beauty)
Yves: She keeps winking every time when she talks something these days~
Yves: Yves, do you want to grab some lunch?
Kim Lip: Yves, did you eat?
Kim Lip: Yves, are you bored?
Kim Lip: But you have to know that I got this from Yves!
Yves: That means I’m an influential person, right?
Kim Lip: Basically, yes!
Yves: Thanks~
Kim Lip: Congratulate~
Yves: We are very close, right?
Kim Lip: Right!
JinSoul: Look at that. She habitually winks!
Yves: Yes. It’s a kind of occupational disease...
JinSoul: Show your wink!
(ViVi’s wink is also cute!)
HyunJin: 1, 2, 3
Go Won: Don’t you think I’m good?
HyunJin: Chuu, please do that ‘R, R, R, R,~’
Chuu: Why did you make me do this…
JinSoul: So cute~
(I don’t know what it is, but so cute…)